I got an interview with Roland Palmer
and it's on campus it's in Manhattan
we're always talking about going into
Manhattan for a special evening this is
gonna be absolutely fantastic later
maybe we could take a carriage ride yeah
if it doesn't rain you're by far the
most interesting American director since
this is your first meaningful assignment
would you like a scoop I can't make
lunch women is going through this very
artistic crisis it's a scoop that's be
nice it's good to see you what are you
doing just out here trying to create a
modern film noir classic
okay all right you want to be in it hey
should we do this
hey are you gonna keep your mouth closed
I have a girlfriend Shannon I don't
think I could do this c19 take two
action Josh it's starting to rain
you cut see Eddie you could do it hey
tell your girlfriend Ashley what's going
on you said you're gonna call me thirty
minutes ago seventy million dollar movie
and Rowleys very unhappy with it Nicole
and Rowley
yeah and Ted and I we have to find him
before he has one of his crazy fits
whose head was that your boyfriend yeah
a little eccentric Rolly oh my god
you're Francisco Vega is that good or
bad
my roommate thinks you're the greatest
thing to come along since the
morning-after pill
Francisco Vega is in town with his new
main squeeze on his arm my girlfriend
dumped me a movie star oh are you doing
your own don't make dreams come true how
do you do that I get five hundred
sweetie how'd you like to make five
thousand mother this is my girlfriend
Ashley Enright gonna grow up and get a
profession you think a girl like that
wants to live hand-to-mouth funny you
should put it that way she's apparently
on to a very big story she takes her job
very seriously I shouldn't imbibe so
copiously I become passionate aggressive
absurd I just hey Ashley I can't talk to
you right now what could possibly be so
secretive about that unless there's some
funny business going on unless there's
some funny business going on
this is real life real life is fine for
people who can't do any better
it's me one tiny little a lousy hour
interview instead look the whole weekend
I'm on to a real story here
take off your Wayne's on I can't I have
no clothes underneath
[Music]
you